Sooo all of this happened on October 30th but I'm only now writing about it on November 10th.

After many months of scheduling, my DND party (Landry, Jacob, Dale, Tanner, and Joseph) had finally found a day that would work to run Curse of Strahd (CoS).
The date was today, one day before halloween.

Joseph asked if he could bring his xbox to show me the new destiny expansion, I said sure. When he came he asked where he could plug it in, I said we should use my monitor but he said we HAD to use the TV. I plugged it in and we started playing. I did a bit but it eventually turned into him just playing destiny on our TV. I was a bit annoyed at the time but really didn't mind. I tried to prepare as much as I could for the campaign.

Eventually tanner arrived, I asked joseph if he could turn off his game, it took around 10 minutes for him to actaully do it. Slowly but surely everyone else arrived and we started to play. Throughout the entirety of play Joseph continously made funny noises, did some acrobatics on the coffee table, or showed me memes on his phone. I continously tried to ask him to focus but he didn't. It honestly annoyed me, I had spent months preparing for this day and he was treating it terribly. Not only that but in game, his character is suspicously overpowered. The 8 year old girl he's playing is better then everyone else's character.

At around 5:00, pizza arrived. We all went up to eat. Everyone was up there for about 30 minutes. We talked, and ate a lot of pizza. Except Joseph. After around one slice he went back into the basement. Once we finished talking and eating we went down and found him playing destiny (on the TV where I had everything set up). Not only that but he had pulled all of my socks from under the couch. He also pulled out the neatly organized cables for our speaker system. At this point I was incredibly annoyed and a little angry. I got him to turn off destiny and to start playing. You can read the summary of our game in the session summary folder.

I never really audbily get mad at anyone, I'm a bit of a pushover in that sense.

After Joseph and Landry left, we drove to Seth's house for his party. I have a couple pictures in the photos folder.

The party was pretty crazy. We all gathered in his basement and played games. Most of my friends from oak canyon were there, it was great. After a bit we went into his backyard to play 9 square. I actually enjoyed it. I'm not going to go into detail on everything we did but all of it was fun. This really made me think about the friends I have. I genuinly love all of my friends, and I really felt cared about in that room. Normally I feel really out of place due to my weight, but I actually felt really comfortable at Seth's party.

One of the people at the party was Talan. He is literally the nicest person I know. I actually want to cry when I'm around him. He always greets me with a smile and hug whenever I see him. (I'm actually on the verge of crying while writing this).

The final thing that happened at the party was interesting. Seth has a little movie room that some people started to talk in. Eventually people were referring to it as "The room" or "The drama room". People would all go in and close the door and then start talking about all the drama that's been going on. I never actually shared anything, I was mostly just there on the couch. People started talking about dating, and romantic relationships. I still haven't truly had a crush on anyone, so I didn't know what to think of it. It made me realise that people are actaually dating now that we are in highschool. I'm planning on never getting involved with it.

That day was very big. When I got home I was dead tired.
(Probably the largest entry I will write for a while)